Belis Aladag: Okay, this is Chelsea stonestreet I just checked her curious, which shows on she received buprenorphine eight milligram tablets.
Belis Aladag: Also showing some prescriptions for clonazepam most recently from a Dr. Pascal on 312
Belis Aladag: Hello.
Belis Aladag: Hi Hi Chelsea, it's Dr. Alan day, how are you
Chelsea Stonestreet: I'm doing okay, how are you
Belis Aladag: Good, good.
Belis Aladag: So welcome to bright heart you're new to us right
Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Okay, um. Well, good news is I'm new too.
Belis Aladag: So bear with me if we have any technical difficulties, but I think I think we'll be fine.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Okay, cool.
Belis Aladag: It's like just in the nick of time right with this whole virus scare
Chelsea Stonestreet: You can be online works out. Good work. Sounds good.
Belis Aladag: So, okay, Chelsea. Tell me a bit about like the most recent events leading you to come to us and I'm seeing that you're on up or you were given buprenorphine on
Yeah.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Yeah.
Chelsea Stonestreet: So I, um,
Chelsea Stonestreet: I like God clean for a couple years. And then last year, like, just like a lot of bad things just happened in my life and I ended up homeless and I ended up using again and I just recently moved back in with my parents here in Victorville where I'm living and
Chelsea Stonestreet: I was going to get, you know, get clean by moving. I'm from Sacramento and then when I went to the dentist's office. I met some girl that was like like it pretty much asked me if I wanted some heroin. And I was like, oh my gosh.
Chelsea Stonestreet: So I said yes and
Chelsea Stonestreet: Then I just like decided, like, well, first of all, I got really, really sick. And I just talked to my parents and told them that I started using again and that I wanted to stop.
Chelsea Stonestreet: And so I just got really sick. And so they took me to the hospital and then they told me about the program. So I've been using it ever since then, like,
Belis Aladag: A week. Yeah. Okay, awesome.
Belis Aladag: Okay, good. So I'm glad you got connected, do you feel are you on eight milligrams a day just one tablet, a day.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Now I'm on twice a day.
Belis Aladag: So you take it in the morning and night.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Yeah, okay.
Belis Aladag: Doesn't seem to cover cravings pretty well for you.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Um, my cravings are still like pretty bad, actually.
Belis Aladag: They're still there, huh.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, um, do you think you would you be open to increasing your dose maybe to
Belis Aladag: Do that today.
Chelsea Stonestreet: I'd be fine if that's what you think.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, if you're starting
Belis Aladag: If you feeling like you still have cravings, then usually it means that if we increase your dose, you might find that that goes away. I'll increase the dose and you're like, it made no difference, then we have some insight that maybe okay your cravings are
Chelsea Stonestreet: There's more to the cravings, like there.
Belis Aladag: Are deeper there more psychological, we need to work.
Chelsea Stonestreet: On that with the therapist and stuff like
Belis Aladag: That I mean
Belis Aladag: There's so many reasons for cravings, but
Belis Aladag: I know that the medication can help you. So let's utilize the to the maximum capacity and then we can work out. Okay, what else can we do
Chelsea Stonestreet: Okay. Sounds good.
Belis Aladag: Okay, it's not your pooch.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Yeah, I got two dogs are
Chelsea Stonestreet: Cute.
Belis Aladag: Okay, well I'm glad you're in a safe space, especially at this time, I'm glad you're with your parents and like not out on the street and just
Chelsea Stonestreet: Right state.
Belis Aladag: Right. I mean, I
Chelsea Stonestreet: GOT LUCKY RIGHT NOW. YEAH, YEAH. I don't want to waste the opportunity, you know, no.
Belis Aladag: No. So, so things happen. I mean, you go to the dentist and there's this random girl and you know whatever
But
Belis Aladag: It's time for you to
Belis Aladag: Come in and like take control and like really like focus on what you want. And it's what better time to do it, then now we have to
Like
Chelsea Stonestreet: I know
Belis Aladag: Um, so you were. You said you had some variety in the past. So in those times. Were you
Belis Aladag: Ever involved in like
Belis Aladag: Any 12 step things or any like community recovery things
Chelsea Stonestreet: Well, no, I just went to the Methadone clinic and I had like counseling every week. So that was already a lot for me.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Okay. Yeah. And I did that for two years. So, I mean, I say clean that whole time.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Awesome. Yeah. And then I just like felt like I should get off. I probably just got off too soon.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, how much
Belis Aladag: What at the highest how much were you at
Chelsea Stonestreet: 131 30 okay
Belis Aladag: And it was holding you well. So this Suboxone works similarly
Belis Aladag: And so just like the methadone. It's like we want to get to that sweet spot where you feel like you're not getting altered, but you're feeling like okay my cravings are under control and I feel okay
Chelsea Stonestreet: All right. Yeah. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so you did that for two years with weekly therapy check in. That's cool.
Yeah.
Belis Aladag: And that was in Sacramento.
Okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay. And how old were you when you first started using drugs in general, any drugs.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Um, well, I mean I first did marijuana when I was like 12 years old.
Belis Aladag: 12 okay
Chelsea Stonestreet: Yeah. And then what happened and then I just started finding like pain pills and my cabinets. When I was a teenager and just like started using pain pills and then I got some prescribed to me.
Chelsea Stonestreet: And then I was just like, totally hooked on them. And then I couldn't get him anymore. And so I was just terrible. And so I started using heroin. So it's just kind of been like an ongoing process of. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: escalating use and they were you ever using IV or. Were you smoking in this morning.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Yeah, I ended up like every time I relapse ended up getting worse. So I just recently I
Chelsea Stonestreet: Probably the past like year, two years, I started. I mean, okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so, um, so it's important for you to get blood tests done right to make sure
Belis Aladag: That as well. Did you did you do that yet.
Chelsea Stonestreet: With cross lateral I need to do that. Yeah, I know that this week.
Belis Aladag: Okay, yeah, that'll be good just to get some baseline labs and then and then for, you know, hepatitis.
Belis Aladag: City and all that stuff. It's not a bad idea to repeat the testing, maybe in six months or something like that. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Just to make sure. Um, what else can I ask you, tell me about any in the past, have you had any suicidal thoughts or tendencies or do you currently feel at risk or anything like that.
No.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Okay, okay. Thank God for that, um,
Chelsea Stonestreet: Do you
Belis Aladag: Have any other illnesses like mental illnesses that you were given meds for in the past.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Yeah, I have like major depression disorder and some PTSD. So I take Lexapro. And I think gabapentin also for that.
Belis Aladag: It looks too much Lexapro.
Chelsea Stonestreet: 20 milligrams a day 20
Belis Aladag: And then the other person.
Chelsea Stonestreet: I'm 803 times a day.
Belis Aladag: Okay okay to take those. And do you have a psychiatrist that sees you for those
Chelsea Stonestreet: Yes, um, his name is Dr. Johnny
Chelsea Stonestreet: It's our i j A and I
Belis Aladag: Oh, yes, yes. Okay. Okay. Yes, I see we have California has like a database where we can see what you've been prescribed if it was a controlled substance so his name pop up in that
Chelsea Stonestreet: I see. So he's your psychiatrist.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Yeah yeah I he was giving me Klonopin but but then I when I told him I was using heroin. He's just stopped giving them to it. So that was just within like the past two weeks.
Belis Aladag: Has to It's Okay, I think. Yeah. I mean, I think that that's the best policy, you know, knowing your history and all that. I think it's just you would open a new can of worms with the Klonopin if I were you, I would really stay away from that.
Belis Aladag: And I'm glad you're open and honest with him about what's going on with you so that he
Chelsea Stonestreet: Can do. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Okay, good. So, so no more of that. Especially, you're going to be on Suboxone and with Suboxone and still considered a type of opioid a partial opioid and we don't want sedatives mixing with it and causing respiratory depression.
Belis Aladag: Okay. Speaking of which, you've heard. Have you heard of Narcan you know
Chelsea Stonestreet: Yeah, I have some
You have
Chelsea Stonestreet: You already have some. What else can I tell you about, um,
Belis Aladag: It's a nasal. Do you have the nasal spray
Chelsea Stonestreet: Mm hmm. Good. Um,
Belis Aladag: Okay, and you're gonna do see Dr. Johnny frequent like when are you going to see him again.
Chelsea Stonestreet: I see him every month. So in the next two weeks I'll see it like
Belis Aladag: Oh, great.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so you can just tell them that you're
Chelsea Stonestreet: Receiving morphine treatment.
Chelsea Stonestreet: through us and
Belis Aladag: He can manage your PTSD and major depression.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Yeah, well,
Belis Aladag: Um, anything else family history. Tell me a little bit family history. Anyone with mental health or substance abuse stuff.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Yeah, there's like mental health issues on both sides of my family like my grandma, my, my aunts and uncles and my cousins all suffer with, like, either they like substance abuse or mental health problems.
Belis Aladag: Okay, and it's
Belis Aladag: The grandma and the and the uncles, cousins are all on the maternal
Chelsea Stonestreet: On both sides.
Belis Aladag: Both sides.
Yeah.
Chelsea Stonestreet: OK, so my parents don't have any issues.
Belis Aladag: They don't. Okay, gotcha.
Belis Aladag: Do you have any siblings.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Yeah, I have a brother.
Belis Aladag: He's okay he's healthy
Yeah.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Okay, cool. Um,
Belis Aladag: surgeries and you surgeries.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Um, I had a sister moved when I was 18 now.
Belis Aladag: Where was this this
Chelsea Stonestreet: I'm on my lower tailbone.
Ok ok so
Belis Aladag: Was it a. Was it something called a pylon idled cyst.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Yeah, okay.
Belis Aladag: And hasn't recurred you're okay.
Chelsea Stonestreet: No, yeah, I'm fine.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Okay, so you had a file analysis.
Belis Aladag: You mentioned PTSD major depression. You got the opioid use disorder. Any other drugs that you're using. Are you are you drinking alcohol. That's another sedative, we don't want to be using right now.
Chelsea Stonestreet: I don't. I don't. Okay, excellent.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so the way we are kind of seeing patients in the system is in group settings if we can do you feel comfortable with that.
Chelsea Stonestreet: And then, sorry.
Belis Aladag: So what the format is that I would do as the physician do a quick check in with you with you and everyone else in the group. Let's say for other people, or whatever.
Belis Aladag: And say, Okay, you know, Chelsea. How's it going, is the dose going. Okay. Do you need any changes. Do you have any side effects, whatever, just a brief check in and then a therapist, who's running the group with me would take over and he's talking about some related topic to recovery.
Chelsea Stonestreet: So the whole
Belis Aladag: Visit is like an hour.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Um,
Belis Aladag: So there's I have groups to option for you. I have a group, can you do Thursdays at 4pm
Chelsea Stonestreet: Yeah, that's fine.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so we can do Thursdays at 4pm for now and then see how that goes. You will also be assigned a therapist. I'm assuming it's a woman named Serena. I don't know if they told you yet.
Belis Aladag: But, um, if you would like to, it might be helpful to also meet individually with the therapist as frequently as you guys decide.
Belis Aladag: You know, your weekly in the beginning, we could do every two weeks, whatever you want just to have your one on one time to just, you know, have a therapist there.
Belis Aladag: Okay, um, she would be the one running the Thursday groups with me.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Okay.
Belis Aladag: Does that sound like something you want or you want to. Yeah, yeah.
Chelsea Stonestreet: You know, some good, okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay, very good. Okay, any questions for me.
Chelsea Stonestreet: No. No. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Oh, for the for the testing, they're going to send you like Manila envelopes with little things don't open the envelope just receive it. Go to check into the virtual clinic through zoom
Belis Aladag: And tell them
Belis Aladag: Hey, I got the envelope or you're going to walk me through this and then they'll walk you through how to do the drug test you go do your drug testing and you bring it and you show it. You don't want to open the envelope otherwise considered invalid.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Okay.
Belis Aladag: So just a heads up on that because you know it's your
Belis Aladag: Mail, you would open it normally but
Chelsea Stonestreet: Right, okay.
Belis Aladag: So be on the lookout for that they're going to send it to like monthly
Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, but obviously this treatment is for you. So I'm here for you. Not judging you, I want you to be honest, tell me what's going on any cravings any issues, any close calls and then we're here to I want to be to help you stay on the path that you want to be on. Yeah.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Belis Aladag: Of course. Okay, so I can let you go unless you are thinking we're missing something that there's something we didn't address. No.
Chelsea Stonestreet: I'm pretty good. I think we're trying
Belis Aladag: In general, you're feeling okay now that you're not in withdrawal. Are you having any chills, you know,
Chelsea Stonestreet: Am I just have problems sleeping, but
Chelsea Stonestreet: Yeah. But other than that, I mean, I feel, I feel like I'm doing okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay, and any gastric troubles any diarrhea.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Constipation background. No. No. Okay. Okay.
Belis Aladag: No breathing no chest problems.
Chelsea Stonestreet: No, no, fevers. Okay. Good. Excellent.
Belis Aladag: Okay, and the insomnia. You know, it's an adjustment period.
Belis Aladag: You could try gentle things like over the counter stuff if you want melatonin.
Belis Aladag: Is it that you have trouble sleeping falling asleep or that you wake up, or both.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Both I wake up like every two hours. Oh, that's rough. Yeah, so
Belis Aladag: Have you ever tried melatonin.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Yeah, I've tried it in the past. I probably. Yeah, it probably should try it again.
Belis Aladag: You know and I recently discovered that it actually works the best for people that like for the wake up moments.
Chelsea Stonestreet: You know, not
Belis Aladag: Really to fall asleep. But like, let's say you go to sleep, but then you wake up every two hours, you should have it near you and you can take one to help you find a suit yourself back down.
Belis Aladag: And just try it. And then we'll, we'll watch it as we go. And you're seeing your psychiatrist soon as well.
Correct.
Belis Aladag: But remember, try to stay away from any heavy duty sedative type medications, anything that is
Chelsea Stonestreet: Like a controlled substance basically is
Belis Aladag: Probably not a good idea for you to be on especially now that we have you on this buprenorphine.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Okay. All right. Something should
Belis Aladag: Be for Nokia, and by the way you're on a Mano formulation. It comes in a diff normally comes and buprenorphine naloxone, was there a reason why they use this one or no.
Chelsea Stonestreet: I don't know why you don't know
Belis Aladag: Okay, so I'll, I'll try and order a combo to see if that'll be fine with you this still tablet forums and it'll be the same thing except I'll make you take it breakfast, lunch, dinner, instead of, you know, breakfast and dinner. Okay.
Chelsea Stonestreet: Three times a day.
Belis Aladag: Oh, come on. Alright, so that's it.
Chelsea Stonestreet: All right, thank you so much.
Belis Aladag: Take care. See you next Thursday. Then
Chelsea Stonestreet: Okay. Alright, sounds good.